seven tips for selecting a performance
marketing agency I've been in the
marketing world for over 20 years now
specifically Performance Marketing also
known as digital marketing I know a
little bit different but still
Performance Marketing digital marketing
a lot of overlapping there not only have
I learned marketing myself I've taught
it to other people I've worked with
agencies and I even have my own agency
NP digital where by the way we're
awarded Performance Marketing agents of
the year because we provide good results
but what sucks is every company needs
marketing without it it's just harder to
grow and one way to get your marketing
done is to hire an agency if you make
the right choice you'll grow you'll
Thrive and you'll succeed if you make
the wrong choice you'll waste time money
and get little to no results
so how do you ensure that you're going
to pick the right agency
here are some tips to help you tip
number one look for agencies that win
Awards as I mentioned earlier NP Digital
My agency we won agency of the Year by
media post that's an example of award we
actually have dozens of awards even
though we've only been around for five
years agencies get awards for the work
that they produce for their clients and
it's also based on the results that that
work provides so if an agency doesn't
have rewards it's harder for them to
prove that they were good at what they
are claiming to be good at the reason I
like looking to see what agencies have
Awards is because the judges for these
awards are typically other marketers who
are really good at what they do so it's
not easy to get them
tip number two does the agency have
industry experience
if you want to hire a plastic surgeon to
adjust your nose would you hire one that
specializes in plastic surgery for ears
or noses of course you would hire the
one that specializes in noses because
that's what you're looking for so why
would you hire a marketing agency that
doesn't have experience in your industry
or for the marketing types of services
that you're looking for it's like hiring
an ear doctor to help you with your nose
it just doesn't make any sense tip
number three ask for references if
someone gives you references the chances
are the references are going to be great
but if you ask for references and
someone doesn't have any it means that
they don't probably have that many happy
clients so why would you hire them and
if they give you references even though
they're probably going to say raving
things about the agency you should still
call them because every once in a while
you'll get a reference that just aren't
happy and they won't say tons of great
things and it'll save you a ton of pain
and money tip number four look who's
working on your account
as you may know my name is Neil Patel
and I've been a marketer for over 20
years and I think I'm good at what I do
even though I still have a lot more to
learn and I can continually get better
and improve but if you hire my agency NP
digital because of me that's a big
mistake you should be hiring my agency
or any other agency based on the team
that is working on your account now let
me repeat that
you should be Hiring Agency based on the
people within the agency and not just
all their staff but specifically the
staff that is going to be on your
account
because if an amazing company puts bad
resources terrible Talent on your
account you're not going to get great
results you'll be lucky to get mediocre
results
but if the people who are working on
your account have industry experience
and they're really good at what they do
then you'll get much better results
remember you aren't just hiring an
agency you're hiring specific people
within that agency so you want to make
sure you know who they will be on your
account and you want to know those
people's credentials tip number five the
size and age of a company if the agency
has been around for a long time great if
the agency has been around for a long
time and they're small that's bad the
reason most agencies are small is
because they're amazing at what they do
see most agencies grow through word of
mouth and referrals as you do good work
you get more referrals so look to make
sure the agency you are working with has
been around for at least three or four
years and is continually growing if
they're not growing that usually means
our clients aren't giving them tons of
referrals because they're not happy with
the work tip number six account managers
for some reason some agencies just don't
assign dedicated account managers you
need to have someone dedicated to your
account that you can talk to whenever
you want that person may also work on a
few other accounts based on how much
you're paying that agency but a
dedicated account manager is ideal if
you don't have a big budget you may not
even get a semi-dedicated account
manager but that's what you should
eventually strive for you'll find that
when someone internally at the agency is
fighting for you and they're fighting
for you to have more resources and get
the best results and making sure that
everything that they're doing is for
your best benefit you typically get
better results tip number seven how many
services do they offer the sad reality
of digital marketing is you need to take
advantage of omni-channel approach that
means Google Bing Facebook Instagram
Tick Tock LinkedIn Twitter Amazon
Walmart and whatever other platform is
out there even be real
you have to be on all the channels that
make sense for your business no one
channel is going to really grow your
business like one may hope especially
with the algorithms changing all the
time you need to diversify your
marketing efforts so you aren't reliant
on any one channel
now if you need help with your marketing
you're looking for agency check out my
agency NP digital whereas I mentioned we
want marketing agency of the year we
have those dedicated account managers
and we have pretty much everything that
I talked about plus more you can also
check out other agencies as well if you
have any questions leave a comment below
I'm here to help if you enjoy this video
like it share it tell the people about
it thank you very much